Problem: use prebuilt image in testground (#1480)
crypto-org-chain/cronos: testground/README.md

[Testground documentation](https://docs.testground.ai/)

## Build Image

> >  Prerequisites: nix, linux remote builder for macOS

Author: ```suggestion
>  Prerequisites: nix, for macOS also need [linux remote builder](https://nix.dev/manual/nix/2.22/advanced-topics/distributed-builds.html)
```

> You can test with the prebuilt images in github registry, to build the images locally for yourself:

Author: ```suggestion
You can test with the prebuilt images in [github registry](https://github.com/crypto-org-chain/cronos/pkgs/container/cronos-testground), or build the images locally for yourself:
```

```bash
$ nix build .#testground-image

> # for mac: nix build .#legacyPackages.aarch64-linux.testground-image

Reviewer: do we need link https://nixos.org/manual/nixpkgs/unstable/#sec-darwin-builder

Author: that's one of the ways to run a remote builder.
